---
title: Working
layout: post
excerpt: Hey, I'm a guy with a job!
comment: 'true'
tag: [personal]
---

It's been almost half a year since I started working as a front-end developer at [Suria Labs Development](https://www.surialabs.com) and I'm feel blessed with good working environment, reasonable salary, friendly colleague and nice bosses.

At first my planned was to secure a job at the company I did my internship. But as time passed by, it felt like I didn't belong there and I wasn't really enjoying my daily task. But I did learnt a lot of stuff during my six months as an intern. Thanks guys especially zul whom I'm very close with. He taught me a lot on UI/UX designs. It was fun working at JustSimple because it's so simple(sorry bad pun!).

During the last month of my internship, I decided to start my job seeking through all sorts of job portals such as JobStreet, SkootJobs and Maukerja. I sent a lot of job application during that time but that feeling is like when you have a crush on someone and try to _ngorat_ but _tak kena layan_, yeah it felt like nobody wants me TT. Then, one night after a very long karaoke session with friends, I saw a message in a Telegram Group saying a company called Suria Labs looking for front end developer so I sent a job application via AngelList with a bit hangover(tired after karok actually, **no alcohol involved**). Later I read back my job application and it was quite err.. let's just say mentioned _ass_ to apply a job, **LOL**. A week later, I received three job offers and Suria's was the first job interview I ever attended(no iv for my internship jsyk) and I got the job! I actually passed all three job interviews but I declined the others to accept Suria's offer.

And here I am, appointed as a front-end developer for the company and every day I learned something new. I'm dedicated to push myself forward in becoming a professional in web app development and Suria Labs is a great decision I made to start off after graduating. Pray the best for me!